This disclaimer (“Disclaimer”) sets forth the general guidelines, disclosures, and terms of your use of the “Neuropal” mobile application (“Mobile Application” or “Service”) and any of its related products and services (collectively, “Services”). This Disclaimer is a legally binding agreement between you (“User”, “you” or “your”) and Neuropal limited (doing business as “Neuropal”, “we”, “us” or “our”). If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms “User”, “you” or “your” shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this agreement, you must not accept this agreement and may not access and use the Mobile Application and Services. By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Disclaimer. You acknowledge that this Disclaimer is a contract between you and Neuropal, even though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the Mobile Application and Services.
Representation
Any views or opinions represented in the Mobile Application belong solely to Neuropal, its content creators and employees, and do not represent those of people, institutions or organizations that Neuropal may or may not be associated with in professional or personal capacity unless explicitly stated. Any views or opinions are not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, or individual.
Content and postings
You may not modify, print or copy any part of the Mobile Application and Services. Inclusion of any part of the Mobile Application and Services in another work, whether in printed or electronic or another form or inclusion of any part of the Mobile Application and Services on another resource by embedding, framing or otherwise without the express permission of Neuropal is prohibited.
You may submit new content in the Mobile Application. By uploading or otherwise making available any information to Neuropal, you grant Neuropal the unlimited, perpetual right to distribute, display, publish, reproduce, reuse and copy the information contained therein. You may not impersonate any other person through the Mobile Application and Services. You may not post content that is defamatory, fraudulent, obscene, threatening, invasive of another person’s privacy rights or that is otherwise unlawful. You may not post content that infringes on the intellectual property rights of any other person or entity. You may not post any content that includes any computer virus or other code designed to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any computer software or hardware.
Compensation and sponsorship
The Mobile Application and Services may contain forms of advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. On certain occasions Neuropal may be compensated to provide opinions on products, services, or various other topics. The compensation received may influence such opinions of the advertised content or topics available in the Mobile Application. Sponsored content and advertising space will always be identified as such. Some of the links in the Mobile Application may be affiliate links. This means if you click on the link and purchase an item, Neuropal will receive an affiliate commission.
Reviews and testimonials
Testimonials are received in various forms through a variety of submission methods. The testimonials are not necessarily representative of all of those who will use Mobile Application and Services, and Neuropal is not responsible for the opinions or comments available in the Mobile Application, and does not necessarily share them. People providing testimonials in the Mobile Application may have been compensated with free products or discounts for use of their experiences. All opinions expressed are strictly the views of the reviewers.
Some testimonials may have been edited for clarity, or shortened in cases where the original testimonial included extraneous information of no relevance to the general public. Testimonials may be reviewed for authenticity before they are available for public viewing.
Indemnification and warranties
While we have made every attempt to ensure that the information contained in the Mobile Application is correct, Neuropal is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of this information. All information in the Mobile Application is provided “as is”, with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of any kind, express or implied. In no event will Neuropal, or its partners, employees or agents, be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information in the Mobile Application, or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Information contained in the Mobile Application are subject to change at any time and without warning.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Disclaimer or its terms related to the Mobile Application and Services at any time at our discretion. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways at our discretion, such as through the contact information you have provided.
An updated version of this Disclaimer will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Disclaimer unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Mobile Application and Services after the effective date of the revised Disclaimer (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes.
Acceptance of this disclaimer
You acknowledge that you have read this Disclaimer and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services you agree to be bound by this Disclaimer. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Disclaimer, you are not authorized to access or use the Mobile Application and Services.